# work_to_catch_up
This work is based on Pytorch https://github.com/junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix.

First, for a new training it will require a dataset, the necessary scripts are uploaded in work_to_catch_up/Dataset.

The work here used top88.py to generate TO data, and the ground truths were generated by top88_AM.py. Once the npy files created, simply follow 
the steps of pre-processing to create a training dataset of paired images.

Once the dataset is prepared, then to clone the documents on https://github.com/junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix
To run the training, it has to install the virtual environment "environment.yml" first
For training the normal model, simply run the train.py file with the configuration settings (help in "pix2pix train/test" of the github link above, other
parameters can be found in "base_options.py" in "options" folder).
To train the model with Feature Controller only replaced the original working direction with "models_FC", all the rest stay the same as pix2pix.

To use the trained model for prediction, run the files in "Script_for_Pretrained_Model" folder. The script named "predict_Ori"
is for the prediction of baseline model, and the script named "Predict_FC" is for the prediction generated by the pix2pix with feature controller. 
The scripts can also give the information of the trainable parameters(comments). The file "Calculate(MAE)" are used to calculate MAE and the file 
"MAE_Curve_Combine" can plot the curves of MAE.

The models in folder "Trained_model" are two pretrained models for baseline model and pix2pix with FC model, respectively. The log files are the loss 
values of two examples.

